# v8.0.0 Migration Guide

This version contains the following breaking changes:

1. Upgraded Node version to 18.12.1
2. Removed `node-sass` in favor of `sass`
3. Upgraded webpack and related loaders

Further explanation of each item is detailed below.

---

## 1. Upgraded Node version to 18.12.1

Typically, the Node version of an application can be updated without any breaking change. However, Node 18 requires an upgraded version of `glibc`. This has impact on both Travis and the existing `node-sass` executable.

For Travis, the default distribution used for builds and test execution does not have the version of `glibc` required by Node 18. To resolve this issue, a specific distribution is specified in the `.travis.yml` configuration file that has the correct `glibc` version.

`node-sass` has been deprecated and the latest version does not support the later `glibc` version (an exception is generated when one tries to execute `node-sass` with the later Node version). To resolve this, `node-sass` was removed and `sass` (Dart Sass, the currently active Sass implementation) was added. This change required an additional update to the `build:styles` script to use `sass` for style builds.

Finally, this version of `lp-components` will not support older Node versions. You must use Node version ^18.12.1.

## 2. Removed `node-sass` in favor of `sass`

As mentioned above, `node-sass` was removed in favor of `sass`. Additionally, the latest version of `style-loader` was included in this version of `lp-components`.

## 3. Upgraded webpack and related loaders

The Node upgrade [mentioned above](#1-upgraded-node-version-to-18121) also fixed an OpenSSL issue. That fix required that the latest version of Webpack be used, along with configuration of a specific hashing function. To accommodate this change, webpack was upgraded to ^5.75.0 and the `css-loader`, `style-loader`, and `sass-loader` were also upgraded to their latest versions.